## 307. Range Sum Query - Mutable

Oh, this question remind me of high school. Fenwick tree and Segment tree. interval update and interval query.

How about choosing fenwick tree this time.

first lowbit.

x&-x is lowbit, we get the first 1 and its last zero? 
1. why can we get its first 1 in the right and its zero? through this 'lowbit' operation.

    first, we need to know the negate process. for example, we let the 1(01) be the -1 0(01) be the +1, then we need have 2^(n-1) to represent the digits. but, in general, we will choose Two’s Complement. Two’s complement is one’s complement + 1. one's complement is just of “1” is “0” and vice versa. Also, we can take the two complement as following formula:

    $$1 00000000(2^8) - 00011011 (27) = (229)11100101$$

    but we know, $2^7$ equal to the 128, 229 > 128, it must be an negative number. 229 -> -27!

    return to our problems, we need to get the first 1! so we need to let zero be zero and let the first 1 still 1. we know if we use one's complement, the 0 -> 1 1 -> 0; then the first 1 if + 1 will be 1->0 + 1; so it make sense!

2. why we need the lowbit. because we want to know how many son it has (it's a lowbit tree).


OH...the problem ask me to do is modify one point, not add some value into some point. 

STUPID! use your head. you can totally record the original array and get the diff and put the diff in the fenwick array!

WHAT! TLE...my time complexity is o(logn)... oh I cout to std...

AC...But too slow. my time complexity is o(logn)...let me try o(sqrt(n)) oh...it's more slower than my solution.

let me see the std's solution. 

He use sqrt(n) to split the array. it's a good solution.
first, we split the array into [1..sqrt[n]],[srqt[n]...2*sqrt[n]]...(sqrt(n) intervals). we record each interval's sum and if we need to modify one point, we need to find its interval and modify its sum. if we need to get the sum of the intervals, we need to find the intervals its contains.

