## 321. Create Maximum Number

Given two arrays of length m and n with digits 0-9 representing two numbers

Create the maximum number of length k <= m + n from digits of the two

I remember I have done a really similar question before.

The relative order of the digits from the same array must be preserved. Return an array of the k digits.

k <= m + n

brute force? I think it's a DP question?

We can find an interesting pattern from some tries. If the highest position is 9, more greatest number will generate.

we can use an array to record the position of these numbers.

[9]: 0,5,9

we can know the first huge number and its first place. If they are h and p. Also, we record the position we have used in this two numbers. It's a and b.

then, the new rest length will be the length - rest of another array + length - current choice number and compare it with k - choosed number. If it's still have enough space, then we will choose this number.

! holy...It's not correct? Essentially I use greedy algorithm. But if there are a number, exist in the same place and same value (e.g., 934,935), the greedy algorithm is still correct? which number shall we choose? Or we can choose these number randomly?becuase if we choose one number the other equal number still exist. We still can choose it. so the algorithm is correct.

oh, we cannot choose the number randomly. for example, 

[8,9]

[3,9]

3

if we choose the first 9, we can only use 939. the answer is wrong...we still need another algorithm.

let me see the std's solution.

the std use greedy + dp algorithm

1. maxNumber(nums,k): keep poping back, if this turn poping back elements is greater than before, then substitute these elements until the smaler elements. finally, choose the fisrt kth number.

2. maxNumber(nums1,numers2) -> combine a bigger integer number. Like above in each turn choose the biggest number. But we do not substitute.

3. maxNumber((maxNumber,i),(maxNumber,i)) => use DP to enumerate all combination of the first number and the second number

(max value ans can compare two vectors in value format directly!)(but if we have to use compare, we shall use lexicographical_compare)

```
template<class InputIt1, class InputIt2>
bool lexicographical_compare(InputIt1 first1, InputIt1 last1,
                             InputIt2 first2, InputIt2 last2)
{
    for ( ; (first1 != last1) && (first2 != last2); ++first1, (void) ++first2 ) {
        if (*first1 < *first2) return true;
        if (*first2 < *first1) return false;
    }
    return (first1 == last1) && (first2 != last2);
}
```