## 355. Design Twitter
Design a simplified version of Twitter where users can post tweets, follow/unfollow another user, and is able to see the 10 most recent tweets in the user's news feed.

Implement the Twitter class:

Twitter() Initializes your twitter object.
void postTweet(int userId, int tweetId) Composes a new tweet with ID tweetId by the user userId. Each call to this function will be made with a unique tweetId.
List<Integer> getNewsFeed(int userId) Retrieves the 10 most recent tweet IDs in the user's news feed. Each item in the news feed must be posted by users who the user followed or by the user themself. Tweets must be ordered from most recent to least recent.
void follow(int followerId, int followeeId) The user with ID followerId started following the user with ID followeeId.
void unfollow(int followerId, int followeeId) The user with ID followerId started unfollowing the user with ID followeeId.


the core problem. a follow b; then b's news shall be push into a's arary!. gotcha! if it have follower, post new tweet need to update it!

Oh i know... if someone follow another guy, we need to push alll the posts into another guys's unordered_set with orders... so we need to preserved the order we need another vector to record the order.

Four DS.
```
unordered_set<int> ID; record all ID
map<int, vector<int>> followee_follower; record follow relationships    
map<int,unordered_set<int>> post_user. user->posts
vector<int> post_order; posts->order least recently -> recent

```

remember to add () for calculator form in the not equal form;

Fuck...my whole idea has some problem when two guy follow each others...

1->2 2->1 they both have 5,6 in their post pages. if 1 unfollow 2; then I will delete whole pst.

thus, each person we only need to record his posts. when we return recent tweet, we only need to push all posts into the queue.

AC!