## 42. Trapping Rain Water

I think we can just use, for each point as the left wall we need to find the right wall.

And for the right wall we need take it as the left wall, then we repeat this process unitl we find the end of the array.

**attention!! if we do not find the great right wall, then we need let left wall ++ not let left wall be the right wall**

Oh..., if the there is a lower floor like, 3,1,1,3 then the real capacity is 3-1! So we need to let a variable to be the baseline.


Oh..., if the situation is 2 1 0 1 2 then the 1 and 1 will store 1 and 2 and 2 will store 3 therefore the answer is 3 + 1. we need to only calculate the same height.

That's not correct too. We need to flag the last time right wall. If this time we find is the same as the last right wall. we need to still calculate it.

If there are like 3 1 3, if we only calculate 1*(2-0) we need to calculate the (2-0)*(3-1)

Maybe we still need to use the original simulation ways. WALL DOWN UP (STOP HERE)DOWN

It not seems correct. We need to use another methods. Or, we can scan the array first then compare the left and right whihc one is higer. I am a little lazy. Let me keep finishing it tomorrow.

I gave up, this problem in my way, I need to write carefully. I think a more simple solution can make sense too.

OH...someone use stack, whose solution is basical as mine. The solution is genius!

we need to find the down up. and calculate once. Then we find the down up' left and right. Then it would be down up too? if it's we can calculate the rest part which not contain the middle down up. Therefore, we use stack.


