## 446. Arithmetic Slices II - Subsequence

Given an integer array nums, return the number of all the arithmetic subsequences of nums.

A sequence of numbers is called arithmetic if it consists of at least three elements and if the difference between any two consecutive elements is the same.

For example, [1, 3, 5, 7, 9], [7, 7, 7, 7], and [3, -1, -5, -9] are arithmetic sequences.
For example, [1, 1, 2, 5, 7] is not an arithmetic sequence.
A subsequence of an array is a sequence that can be formed by removing some elements (possibly none) of the array.

For example, [2,5,10] is a subsequence of [1,2,1,2,4,1,5,10].
The test cases are generated so that the answer fits in 32-bit integer.

My first idea is to enumerate two numbers and dfs the rest of the number. but we have a following idea:

for a arithmetic sequence,

the number of [1,3,5,7,9]'s subsequence (> 3) is C(K,3) + C(K,4) + C(K,K-1) + C(K,K) = 2^K - C(K,2) - C(K,1)  - 1 = 2^K - K\*(K-1) / 2 - K - 1

we need to use n^2 to fix two numbers and find the longest sequence k and use the abovec formula to calculate all subsequence and record current diff.

Another question we need to take care is the duplicate diff but not the same element. for example, 1 3 5 6 7 9 12 14

so if we use diff or the visited array to determine the duplicates is incorrect. how about using pair? use the last's index and current idnex to do the duplicates

oh, the subsequences must be consecutive. thus, we can delete 1,2, .. k - 3 from head or tail.

so we need to split the si into two to part; it's 0 1 2 so it's si + 1. so the final it's 1 + 2 + 3 + ..  k - 2 - 1 = (k-1)*(k-2) / 2 - 1.

Time is out. finding non-duplicate all longest arithmetic sequence is hard. Thus, I do not know whether my solution is correct. Let me see the std.

std use DP or similar to DP?

it also use N^2 to get the diff, and also, it take unordered_map as the elements of hashmap. and how to update from i->j. We iterate j from 1 to i - 1 for a i, and if nums[i] - nums[j] in dp[j]'s map, it means we need to add all dp[j]'s count into answer. 

And we add dp[j][diff] because the answer must contain current last value.

so gentle writing style.