## 460. LFU Cache

Design and implement a data structure for a Least Frequently Used (LFU) cache.

Implement the LFUCache class:

LFUCache(int capacity) Initializes the object with the capacity of the data structure.
int get(int key) Gets the value of the key if the key exists in the cache. Otherwise, returns -1.
void put(int key, int value) Update the value of the key if present, or inserts the key if not already present. When the cache reaches its capacity, it should invalidate and remove the least frequently used key before inserting a new item. For this problem, when there is a tie (i.e., two or more keys with the same frequency), the least recently used key would be invalidated.
To determine the least frequently used key, a use counter is maintained for each key in the cache. The key with the smallest use counter is the least frequently used key.

When a key is first inserted into the cache, its use counter is set to 1 (due to the put operation). The use counter for a key in the cache is incremented either a get or put operation is called on it.

The functions get and put must each run in O(1) average time complexity.

like lru, we must record each key's frequency. and pop out the last one. key->frequency (unordered_map) each frequency is stored into a priority queue. It seems there is not such datasturcture... and priority queue is o(logn) ..

This problem is more tricky. we can do some thing like this. First, we have unordered map <freq, list<key> >; it means frequency -> keys, which keys are current in this frequency. Also, we have to store a minimum frequency. when we get one, we need to put current one into the freq+1's list. When we remove an element, we need to remove the minimum freq's first one.

* get: we use a key to find the value. We use a key to find its frequency, use the key to find list iterator, remove it and push it into the freq+1's list.
* put: we put the key value. If the cap is full. We need to eject the mini freq's element. We find the key (the minimum frequency's map to the list. the list's back is the key). And remove it form the list, from the map and its iterator. 

Oh, shit... if we put twice, it access time shall be 2...

AC! pay attention to if we put a existing value, the freq need to + 1 too. I think the problem shall clarify this point.