## 472. Concatenated Words

Given an array of strings words (without duplicates), return all the concatenated words in the given list of words.

A concatenated word is defined as a string that is comprised entirely of at least two shorter words in the given array.

hashset?

* 1 <= words.length <= 104
* 0 <= words[i].length <= 1000
* words[i] consists of only lowercase English letters.
* 0 <= sum(words[i].length) <= 105

but we need to use n! to enumerate all possibilities. Think about it, if there is a concatenation in it. $i_1 + i_2 ... i_j = i_k$ the worest possibilties if we search in each time, it will cost $o(n^n)$. Thus we must infer it reversely. But, how? maybe we need to use prefix tree? If there is a concatenation in the tree, it means, there is at least one in the path and in the child node, there is some nodes with a values greater than 2. Overall, it's i*j*k*l...? Therefore it turn into dfs the tree? I think this is affordable.

oh nope... concaction means some string add another eqaul to another...we cannot do it in the trie.

let me see the std. it use hashset.

first, they put all words in the hashset. And for one string, oh holly, the recursion is acceptable. We only need to determine whether a word can break into two words or more.

For the std in word break, we use a recursion and memory methods. We remeber each time we do the for loop to divid the string whether in the future can we finish the break. In this way we can save the time.

But in my view, this time, std do not use recursion, instead it use DP to solve this question. Oh last time for the [130](./139.md) it also have a DP solution. it determine for each word can we divide it into f[0..j] and [j..i] and we enumerate i from 0 - a word's length. 


abefaagg

i: 0 - length

j: 0 - i;

so when want to find 0 .. i we only need to we have found 0 .. j and i .. j in the words! Thus, it's a DP problem. 

oh. std TLE. It's length of array * (lenght of string)^2 

1000*10^8

the same idea, can we check the division into a trie? I found a great solution.

```
bool is_concatenated(string &sample, int j){        //check : is the sample concatenation of words from Trie ? 
    Node *tmp = root;
    for(int idx; j < sample.size(); j++){
      if(tmp->nb[idx = sample[j] - 'a']) tmp = tmp->nb[idx]; // if we divid here last time in the position j, can we find a new stirng after we divide it here?
      else return false;
      if(tmp->eow && (j + 1 == sample.size() || is_concatenated(sample, j + 1)) ) return true; 
    }
    return false;  
  }
```

But for this idea, we still can optimize? we can see if we found the position j + 1 - n before, we can use a mem array to store the true/false we dfs before. Yep, I think it can be optimized through this way.

And the std do the sort, so it will insert from smaller length to longer length and won't insert the string which can be bulit from another string. The most worse case is we have to insert all the string into the trie and search in the trie. The time complexity for a string is searching is breaking have a results in the trie tree. I think it's still length^length? But Trie really help with the time to find the substring. And sort is important too!

