## 473. Matchsticks to Square

You are given an integer array matchsticks where matchsticks[i] is the length of the ith matchstick. You want to use all the matchsticks to make one square. You should not break any stick, but you can link them up, and each matchstick must be used exactly one time.

Return true if you can make this square and false otherwise.

Interesting question. four equal length. So the answer will be sum/4.

And following question, can we use the sticks to form the sum/4. for example:

* [3,3,3,3,4] -> false
* [1,1,1,3,3,3,4] -> true

Constraints:

1 <= matchsticks.length <= 15
1 <= matchsticks[i] <= 10^8

oh, can we do dfs directly?

TLE... why. 4^15 = 1073741824

oh...we cannot dfs if the base is 4. oh shit, this dfs is clearly a DP problem...

f[000000000..15 0] => means the 15 element have not been used yet.

Implementation Details

If we look at the question's constraints, we find that the max number of matchsticks we can have are 1515. That's a pretty small number and we can make use of this constraint.

All we need to store is which of the matchsticks from the original list have been used. We can use a Bit-Map for this

We will use NN number of bits, one for each of the matchsticks (NN is at max 15 according to the question's constraints). Initially we will start with a bit mask of all 1s and then as we keep on using the matchsticks, we will keep on setting their corresponding bits to 0.

This way, we just have to hash an integer value which represents our bit-map and the max value for this mask would be 2^15.

holy fuck...if we sort the matchsticks reversely, we can pass the problem.

also, we know that a mask number above is a number. Thus we need to find 4 mask number and if we & them they must be 0. Why, because we cannot reuse one number, thus, if we & two musk number, it must be 0. And most genius code:


```
if ((mask & i) != 0) continue; => no reuse two number twice (two 1)
int half = mask | i; => both use this two value.
validHalf[half] = true; => set these two combination can make two slides
if (validHalf[all ^ half]) return true; => all edges 1^0 => 1, 1^1 => 0, delete all the edges, if rest eges can make two slddes, return true.
```

Overall, this methods is more clear.