## 474. Ones and Zeroes

You are given an array of binary strings strs and two integers m and n.

Return the size of the largest subset of strs such that there are at most m 0's and n 1's in the subset.

A set x is a subset of a set y if all elements of x are also elements of y.

We need to count the number of 0 and 1 in subset and ensure there are at most m 0's and n 1's in the subset.

I think it's still a dfs problem? But it has leading zeros. We cannot transfer it into a binary number?

Actually, we only need to know the numebr 0 and 1 for each string.

so the element turn into pair<int,int> the number of 0 and 1.

the combination of the elemetns is dfs? like the question before?

1 <= strs.length <= 600
1 <= strs[i].length <= 100
strs[i] consists only of digits '0' and '1'.
1 <= m, n <= 100

we cannot do some thing like that. I think we need to use DP here. It's like a Knapsack problem. The maximum weights is m?

f[i,j,k] means for the current i items, we use j 1 and k 0. and the dimension i we can save. Because we only forward i loop.

600*600*100*100 = 3600000000, we need to optimize it. we only need to store the past maximum value. It means for the current item, it must be dervied from i - 1. In this situation, the answer will be o(600*100*100 = 6000000)

yes, i am correct. But my code is so ugly. the std use another dp array. array means the number of m,n can represent the maximum number of string. We know that, for the current, we have to use m and n 1 and 0, it means in the before we only can use at most i - m, j - n's ones and zeros. f[i][j] = max(f[i][j], f[i - m][j- n] + 1).