## 479. Largest Palindrome Product

Given an integer n, return the largest palindromic integer that can be represented as the product of two n-digits integers. Since the answer can be very large, return it modulo 1337.

The two n-digits can generate n + n bits number, then the n + n bits must be a palindromic. 1 <= n <= 8

Arbitrary-precision arithmetic? First we simulate two number in n bits. 9^n possibilities for a number. It's 9^8 as maximum = 43046721. (9^8)^2... oh no, I cann't do it. Thus, there are some rules in the multiplication.

let me see the std. My 2*n bits answer idea is correct. Then we know for a n bits number, the maximum value is 10^n - 1.  the minimum value is (10^n-1)10 + 1

We reverse the number, we can get a palindrome number. so in this way, we can brute force generate all palindrome in a ascending order. But how to know that whether there are two numbers who are mutilplied to be this palindrom. We can easily know that, assume we have two numbers, m,n, if m > n, we only need to know palindrome % m == 0. Thus, we can iterate m first. so we can iterate m in brute force. But how do we know when to stop the iteration? when m*m <= palindrome. Why? When we want to enumerate a smaller number k, k < m, it means it will have a pair, palindrom/k, because k < m, it means palindrome / k > m, thus, this bigger number we must have iterate it before, regarding as my previous theory. Q.E.D.

Actually, for this problem, we still use a brute force.

* We use 2n bits split for the palindrome to generate the palindrome
* We use k*k as the end for loop to enumerate all the possibilities.

The time complexity will be the 10^8*10^8. But more efficient brute force.