## 480. Sliding Window Median

The median is the middle value in an ordered integer list. If the size of the list is even, there is no middle value. So the median is the mean of the two middle values.

For examples, if arr = [2,3,4], the median is 3.

For examples, if arr = [1,2,3,4], the median is (2 + 3) / 2 = 2.5.

You are given an integer array nums and an integer k. There is a sliding window of size k which is moving from the very left of the array to the very right. You can only see the k numbers in the window. Each time the sliding window moves right by one position.

Return the median array for each window in the original array. Answers within 10-5 of the actual value will be accepted.

Actually, we are sliding the median, nums = [1,3,-1,-3,5,3,6,7], k = 3. But, it's not sorted!

1 <= k <= nums.length <= 10^5

-231 <= nums[i] <= 231 - 1

n^2logn? sort each slides window...? that's impossible, but we can do some remove and add in each slides window to keep sorted. I have an idea. We can use a Fenwick Tree and store an extra index? or use a hash to store the index. 1,3,5 when we need to remove the 4->3, how to remove an element in the array efficiently? We have to keep the array sorted and keep adding element and removing elements? Fewick Tree array?

We can do in logn delete, logn insert...skip list. so can we use map directly? let me try. nope.

Let me see the std. First solution, use multiset, and use a iterator to represent the middle element. I think this solution need to understand the STL deeply. And if we want to insert a numebr, if new value is smaller than mid, we need to -- mid. In the same way, nums[i - k] <= mid, means we need to let mid ++. Otherwise, the mid is still in the middle. 

And another solution, more sensible. We use two heaps, one maximum heap and another minimum heap. And we will take the maximum heap as the smaller one and minmum heap as the bigger one, which means, the biggest element in the maximum heap is smaller than the smallest element in the minimum heap. Thus, the smaller heap < bigger heap. First, remove an element. And when we want to add a new element, we need to know, if smaller has less elements, we need to put a new element in to smaller heap, however, this new element may not be fitted. If new element is smaller than head of the bigger heap, add it to the smaller heap (because all bigger heap > this element) Otherwise, add the head of the bigger heap into the smaller heap. If the bigger one is smaller, basically we do it in the same way. Also **we can use multiset as the heap.**