## 486. Predict the Winner

You are given an integer array nums. Two players are playing a game with this array: player 1 and player 2.

Player 1 and player 2 take turns, with player 1 starting first. Both players start the game with a score of 0. At each turn, the player takes one of the numbers from either end of the array (i.e., nums[0] or nums[nums.length - 1]) which reduces the size of the array by 1. The player adds the chosen number to their score. The game ends when there are no more elements in the array.

Return true if Player 1 can win the game. If the scores of both players are equal, then player 1 is still the winner, and you should also return true. You may assume that both players are playing optimally.

f[i,j] means when we take ith element in the position of the i and we take the jth element in the position of the j, can we win or not. Thus, f[i-1,j]. My idea is correct but how to represent the value the winner caught? oh, the std is celever, it use a diff to store the effective score. f[i,j] means the first one's score - the scond one's player's score. And because each time, we will minus the f's value. There will be a interesting thing. nums[i] - f[i][j] and nums[i] - f[i][j] each time. Thus, we will have - ( nums[i] - (nums[j] - (nums[k]))) ... Because of minus minus will be positive. last round's minus will turn into add. Thus, finally, if last round's diff is f, we will minus this diff to let this round's diff more huger. Interesting idea.

And for the update, we start from f[i][i], f[i][i+1], f[i][i+2]
```
for (int len = 1; len < n; ++len) {
            for (int i = 0, j = len; j < n; ++i, ++j) {
                dp[i][j] = max(nums[i] - dp[i + 1][j], nums[j] - dp[i][j - 1]);
            }
        }
```
The coding way is brillant.

But, I think it's hard to think about this solution. We shall start idea from scratch.

DP 1: I will use f[i][j] to represent one player and g[i][j] to represent another player. sum(i..j-1) - g[i][j-1] means the score the one player get, f[i][j] = max(sum(i..j-1) - g[i][j-1] + a[j], sum(i+1..j) - g[i+1][j] + a[i])，g[i][j] = max(sum(i..j-1) - f[i][j-1] + a[j], sum(i+1..j) - f[i+1][j] + a[i]). We can use this two to update the DP function.

f[i][j] = max(sum(i..j-1) - g[i][j-1] + a[j], sum(i+1..j) - g[i+1][j] + a[i])

&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;= sum(i..j) + max(- g[i][j-1], - g[i+1][j])

&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;= sum(i..j) - min(g[i][j-1], g[i+1][j])

Next, we replace the f with g we will get

f[i][j] = s[i][j] - min(g[i][j-1], g[i+1][j])

 &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;= s[i][j] - min(s[i][j-1] - min(f[i][j-2], f[i+1][j-1]), s[i+1][j] - min(f[i+2][j], f[i+1][j-1]))

&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;= s[i][j] - (s[i][j] + min(-a[j] - min(f[i][j-2], f[i+1][j-1]), -a[i] - min(f[i+2][j], f[i+1][j-1])))

&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;= -min(-a[j] - min(f[i][j-2], f[i+1][j-1]), -a[i] - min(f[i+2][j], f[i+1][j-1]))

&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;= max(a[j] + min(f[i][j-2], f[i+1][j-1]), a[i] + min(f[i+2][j], f[i+1][j-1]))

we can see that，the fisrt one can choose a[i] and a[j]. The next one can choose the first one's last results' minimum value.