## 488. Zuma Game

You are playing a variation of the game Zuma.

In this variation of Zuma, there is a single row of colored balls on a board, where each ball can be colored red 'R', yellow 'Y', blue 'B', green 'G', or white 'W'. You also have several colored balls in your hand.

Your goal is to clear all of the balls from the board. On each turn:

* Pick any ball from your hand and insert it in between two balls in the row or on either end of the row.
* If there is a group of three or more consecutive balls of the same color, remove the group of balls from the board.
* If this removal causes more groups of three or more of the same color to form, then continue removing each group until there are none left.
* If there are no more balls on the board, then you win the game.

Repeat this process until you either win or do not have any more balls in your hand.

Given a string board, representing the row of balls on the board, and a string hand, representing the balls in your hand, return the minimum number of balls you have to insert to clear all the balls from the board. If you cannot clear all the balls from the board using the balls in your hand, return -1.

Interesting, I feel this problem is a DP problem.

* 1 <= board.length <= 16
* 1 <= hand.length <= 5
* board and hand consist of the characters 'R', 'Y', 'B', 'G', and 'W'.
* The initial row of balls on the board will not have any groups of three or more consecutive balls of the same color.

but the size seems telling me we can use brtue force.

hence, we have 15^5 = 759375 situtaion? can we do it? Oh we also need to check whether there are some emilintation or not. We need to scan the string and determine there are more than three elements in the string. Check it all over and over again until there is no elimnation in the string.

oh this idea has some problem. We cannot choose the first one. We may choose any of them. So time complexity turn into 5!*15^5 = 91 125 000

And turn this idea into DP problem. no we cannot do it. The state is hard to store in the DP array. But time is limit. Let mee see the std how to solve the problem today. the std solution's code is more gentle. 

the brute force in std only need to loop the board size. **incorrect! :The core idea is to we elimintae which characters this time**. We do not have to eliminate an element at each time. My brute force will emit character whatever elimination or not! But if we want to solve the problem, we must have to elminate some characters. Thus, we can get a algorithm with smaller time complexity. So, if we want to eliminate some character, we will need 3 - (i - j); we eliminate them together. And enumerate each elimination. Thus the time complexiy will be O(((board.length/2)! = 8!)*(do elimination time)).

BUT!! why `"RRWWRRBBRR", "WB"` will return 2? first `RBRWWRRBBRR`->`RBRRRBBRR`-> `RBBBRR` -> `RRR`-> ''. So the solution must eliminate one element is incorrect!

Let me choose another std solution. Very simple and clear bfs. the same as my idea. Enumearte all the ball in the hand to insert into the board.

This std solution use two policy to do the insert
1. same color with right
2. left and right are same but pick is different

But it's hard to prove. But it pass the exam. **AND PYTHON SET CAN put string pair**. Really good coding format. But the correctness still need to be proved