## 496. Next Greater Element I

The next greater element of some element x in an array is the first greater element that is to the right of x in the same array.

You are given two distinct 0-indexed integer arrays nums1 and nums2, where nums1 is a subset of nums2.

For each 0 <= i < nums1.length, find the index j such that nums1[i] == nums2[j] and determine the next greater element of nums2[j] in nums2. If there is no next greater element, then the answer for this query is -1.

Return an array ans of length nums1.length such that ans[i] is the next greater element as described above.

Constraints:

* 1 <= nums1.length <= nums2.length <= 1000
* 0 <= nums1[i], nums2[i] <= 104
* All integers in nums1 and nums2 are unique.
* All the integers of nums1 also appear in nums2.
 

Follow up: Could you find an O(nums1.length + nums2.length) solution?

fenwick tree? nlogn; first process nums2 reversly, we only need to store the maximum number of nums in the order from right to left right? for example, 1 5 2, from right to left, the maximum will be 2 and we only need to store the current maximum? oh!!! Monotonic Queue! the value is smaller and index is far way from now is useless!

1 5 6 => we need to push 5,6 because though 5 is smaller but it has a smaller index! let me try. We build a monotonic queue (stack) from right to left, and we push the index to the stack. If the value is smaller than this value just pop away until we find another element in the stack who contain a bigger value and this is the answer for the array.