
## 501. Find Mode in Binary Search Tree

Given the root of a binary search tree (BST) with duplicates, return all the mode(s) (i.e., the most frequently occurred element) in it.

If the tree has more than one mode, return them in any order.

Assume a BST is defined as follows:

* The left subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys less than or equal to the node's key.
* The right subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys greater than or equal to the node's key.
* Both the left and right subtrees must also be binary search trees.

Follow up: Could you do that without using any extra space? (Assume that the implicit stack space incurred due to recursion does not count).

the same value must be adjacent! thus, we can use a dfs to accumulate the same value; or the dfs return the number of value eqaul to its father? 

oh...fuck, it may have situation like:

\\\\ 4
3

\\\ 4

Thus, it may not be adjacent...how to do it without any extra space?

the correct answer is inorder traverse. We first inorder traversel its left tree and because we know that the left tree's inorder result is the maximum in the right of inorder series from left tree. Thus, it must have the maximum. Also, we will keep do this to keep inorder travels and update the count during the left traversel. and we will use current count and node's value to iterate the right tree and right tree will use this node's value and count to iterate its left and right tree.  Really simple and clever idea. I paste the code as below:

```
void inorder(TreeNode* node, TreeNode*& pre, int& cnt, int& mx, vector<int>& res) {
        if (!node) return;
        inorder(node->left, pre, cnt, mx, res);
        if (pre) {
            cnt = (node->val == pre->val) ? cnt + 1 : 1;
        }
        if (cnt >= mx) {
            if (cnt > mx) res.clear();
            res.push_back(node->val);
            mx = cnt;
        } 
        pre = node;
        inorder(node->right, pre, cnt, mx, res);
    }
```

And use passing by reference to write the dfs code! learn it!

