## 503. Next Greater Element II

Given a circular integer array nums (i.e., the next element of nums[nums.length - 1] is nums[0]), return the next greater number for every element in nums.

The next greater number of a number x is the first greater number to its traversing-order next in the array, which means you could search circularly to find its next greater number. If it doesn't exist, return -1 for this number.

This time, we can search circuly. 

the search array is in num [num's right] + [num's left] I guess we cannot use monotonic queue this time. we must use binary search? when we use pointer to store answer, when we move the pointer to the right, we append a new element to nums' left and pop out one element from num's right. We need to find its greater one in the [right + left]

n^2? no...unaccept.  Actually, when we move one element to the right, we just put the head of the right to the tail of left. Thus we can build a new array, new array = arry + arrry and we can only search current target from current value index.

oh it seems we can still use monotonic queue here. because we extend array. we still only need to store the close and bigger element. for example, [1,2,1] we expand it to [1,2,1,1,2,1]. For the element behind it we can use a monotonic queue to store the index who is smaller but closer or bigger and closer. Smaller and far away will be pop out.

Also, for the element 2, we shall output -1. But here, we can find an index 4. Thus we shall determine the index - length == index or not. If equals, it means we use the two same variables. let me do this.

oh we cannot find it in the index 4 ... because we need to find the greater, not greater and eqaul!

and finally! remember to reverse the array. AC!