## 517. Super Washing Machines

You have n super washing machines on a line. Initially, each washing machine has some dresses or is empty.

For each move, you could choose any m (1 <= m <= n) washing machines, and pass one dress of each washing machine to one of its adjacent washing machines at the same time.

Given an integer array machines representing the number of dresses in each washing machine from left to right on the line, return the minimum number of moves to make all the washing machines have the same number of dresses. If it is not possible to do it, return -1.

Oh, this is a little hard. They can move at the same time.

* n == machines.length
* 1 <= n <= 104
* 0 <= machines[i] <= 105

if we can use brute force, how to do it?  each time we can only pass one dress. Even if the adjacent one has less dress, we can still pass the dress to save the step. for example, 1,2 and average is 3, we still can pass 1 to 2 and at the same time pass 1' left to the 1 to make 1 have one more dress. each machine can pass left or right or free 0/1/2 at the same time. Thus, each time we have 3^(10^4) for the brute force.

each time we must dfs from the nodes who have more dress and make it pass to the adjacent machine. And then we dfs the adjacent machine.

we could choose any m machines at each step, and those k machines do not have to be connected. For example, supose we have [4,0,0,4], we could choose the first and the fourth machine at one step.

The sum of all dresses must be divisible by the nunber of machines(even = sum(machines)/len(machines)), otherwise we can return -1

* First key point: if abs(machines[i]-even) == k, we need at least k steps to make machines[i] == k
* Second key point: if machines[i]-even == p (p > 0), machines[i+1]-even) == q (q < 0), then we need at least max(p, -q) steps to make machines[i] == even and machines[i+1] == even

thus, each time we add machines[i] - even to the diff, and accumulate it, when the continous elements are less than the diff, we will accumulate the diff because when accumulated diff goes high, each steps can move only to the adjacent elements and we have to spend more time (no other better solution).

Actually, we can use an example to express this problem. At first we have [0,0,11,5] then we compute the diff and get

[-4,-4,7,5]

For the first machines, we need at least 4 step to make the balance and we get

[0,-8,7,5]

And for the second machine, we need 8 steps to get the correct machine. In the same way, we get following list:

[0,0,-1,5]

Then we will have [0,0,0,4]

We will compute the maximum value of these diff and compute the largest diff.

Why we can do this. Because each time, we can move the adjacent, it means we scale time horizontally, the maximum cost time for these elements is the maximum time we have to spend. (Because the passing can be done at the same time.)

AC!