Note: This is a companion problem to the System Design problem: Design TinyURL.
TinyURL is a URL shortening service where you enter a URL such as https://leetcode.com/problems/design-tinyurl and it returns a short URL such as http://tinyurl.com/4e9iAk. Design a class to encode a URL and decode a tiny URL.

There is no restriction on how your encode/decode algorithm should work. You just need to ensure that a URL can be encoded to a tiny URL and the tiny URL can be decoded to the original URL.

Implement the Solution class:

* Solution() Initializes the object of the system.
* String encode(String longUrl) Returns a tiny URL for the given longUrl.
* String decode(String shortUrl) Returns the original long URL for the given shortUrl. It is guaranteed that the given shortUrl was encoded by the same object.

It seems weird, can we pass the test without encoding it? let me try. Yes we can... but it's not the intention of this problem. We shall use some encoding methods.

To generate a unique short URL, we can compute it using the Unique Hash(MD5, SHA256, etc.) of the original URL and then encode using. If we use the MD5 algorithm as our hash function, it’ll produce a 128-bit hash value. After base62 encoding, we’ll get a string having more than seven characters. We can take the first 7 characters for the key. MD5(Long URL)  base62encode(128-bit hash value) ->FE66AB71IT.

There is a problem with this approach. This could (however unlikely) result in duplication or collisions in the Database. One of the solutions to this problem is to use a counter, which keeps track of a count (0–3.5 Trillion) so that in each case if we encode the counter value, there is a guarantee of no duplicates/collisions. Let’s see how we will use the counter - we will use a single server that will be responsible for maintaining a counter. Whenever the application servers receive a request, they will talk to the counter, which returns a unique number and increments the counter.

So actually, the counter is a great choice!