## 546. Remove Boxes

You are given several boxes with different colors represented by different positive numbers.

You may experience several rounds to remove boxes until there is no box left. Each time you can choose some continuous boxes with the same color (i.e., composed of k boxes, k >= 1), remove them and get k * k points.

Return the maximum points you can get.

It seems a very classical DP problem. We can represent a string that contains consecutive characters as the number of consecutive characters. 1,5,7,1,3...

Therefore, the consecutive characters represent can be rejoin into a longer one if we eliminate the middle part.  I think can memorize search is much more easier to implementation because we can use the string as the key. But each time we need to aggregate the continuous characters, but we can use a character:number to do the aggregation easily.

Overall, we use a hashmap to memorize the maximal points we can get for each string and we use a symbol:consecutive count to build a string. And based on these two principles, I use a DFS method.

* I have to transfer it to a string (it's not so easy to maintain a string in golang)

let me see the std's solution. The std is DP. But how? let me learn. First if we want to use DP, definitely we shall use a range to restrict the array. 

The issue of DP here is DP[i,j] = DP[m,k] + DP[i to m-1 - k + 1 to j]'s point. But the latter one cannot be infered from dp array. Therefore, we need to modify the DP array. 

The issue here is we have know how many number of the same element for the m in its left and how many element in the right. The std choose to memorize as a dimension. k. The std use an block update as slides window: 

0-1, 1-2, 2-3 ...

0-2, 1-2 ...

```
Therefore, I designed the memoization matrix to be memo[l][r][k], the largest number we can get using lth to rth (inclusive) boxes with k same colored boxes as rth box appended at the end. Example, memo[l][r][3] represents the solution for this setting: [b_l, ..., b_r, A,A,A] with b_r==A.

The transition function is to find the maximum among all b_i==b_r for i=l,...,r-1:

memo[l][r][k] = max(memo[l][r][k], memo[l][i][k+1] + memo[i+1][r-1][0])

Because we must eliminate r ... r+k character, and we want to seek how to eliminate memo[l][r -1] more efficiently. 

Basically, if there is one i such that b_i==b_r, we partition the array into two: [b_l, ..., b_i, b_r, A, ..., A], and [b_{i+1}, ..., b_{r-1}]. The solution for first one will be memo[l][i][k+1], and the second will be memo[i+1][r-1][0]
```

I do not have time to converse this cpp version to go lang. I think it's basically the same things. 