## 576. Out of Boundary Paths 

There is an m x n grid with a ball. The ball is initially at the position [startRow, startColumn]. You are allowed to move the ball to one of the four adjacent cells in the grid (possibly out of the grid crossing the grid boundary). You can apply at most maxMove moves to the ball.

Given the five integers m, n, maxMove, startRow, startColumn, return the number of paths to move the ball out of the grid boundary. Since the answer can be very large, return it modulo 109 + 7.

Interesting question, asked us to find where the ball can go after maxMove steps. The key is to use DP to store the number of ways to get to each cell. Then we can use the DP to calculate the number of ways to get to the next cell.

If we use a memorziable search, we can record from this point, how many path we can reach out of boundary. But the question is we can reach same node multiple times, thus we need to use a 3D array to record the number of ways to reach out of boundary from this point. DP[move][x][y] means the number of ways to reach out of boundary from (x, y) after move steps.

Then we can use DP to calculate the number of ways to reach out of boundary from the next cell. The number of ways to reach out of boundary from (x, y) after move steps is the sum of the number of ways to reach out of boundary from the 4 adjacent cells after move - 1 steps.

Then, how to calculate dp? our start status will be dp[move][startx][starty]

I am not familiar with this type of question. The real answer is memorziable search!!!! We can reach same node multiple times, but each time, the number of movement will minus 1. And our key value turn into i,j,max. Let me try to code it.

It's a little bit hard to code it into go because I don't know how to use global varaible in golang. Let me see the std's solution. STD use a parameter directly in golang.

A new knowloedge for the golang, map will return two value, The value of ok is true if the key x is present in the map, and false otherwise. v, ok := a[x]. Interesting. Similar idea.

but good points

1. use struct to define a status
2. use map to define the memory status we have been to. Struct can be used as key in the map directly.