## 591. Tag Validator

Given a string representing a code snippet, implement a tag validator to parse the code and return whether it is valid.

A code snippet is valid if all the following rules hold:

*  The code must be wrapped in a valid closed tag. Otherwise, the code is invalid.

* A closed tag (not necessarily valid) has exactly the following format : <TAG_NAME>TAG_CONTENT</TAG_NAME>. Among them, <TAG_NAME> is the start tag, and </TAG_NAME> is the end tag. The TAG_NAME in start and end tags should be the same. A closed tag is valid if and only if the TAG_NAME and TAG_CONTENT are valid.

* A valid TAG_NAME only contain upper-case letters, and has length in range [1,9]. Otherwise, the TAG_NAME is invalid.

* A valid TAG_CONTENT may contain other valid closed tags, cdata and any characters (see note1) EXCEPT unmatched <, unmatched start and end tag, and unmatched or closed tags with invalid TAG_NAME. Otherwise, the TAG_CONTENT is invalid.

* A start tag is unmatched if no end tag exists with the same TAG_NAME, and vice versa. However, you also need to consider the issue of unbalanced when tags are nested.

* A < is unmatched if you cannot find a subsequent >. And when you find a < or </, all the subsequent characters until the next > should be parsed as TAG_NAME (not necessarily valid).

* The cdata has the following format : <![CDATA[CDATA_CONTENT]]>. The range of CDATA_CONTENT is defined as the characters between <![CDATA[ and the first subsequent ]]>.

* CDATA_CONTENT may contain any characters. The function of cdata is to forbid the validator to parse CDATA_CONTENT, so even it has some characters that can be parsed as tag (no matter valid or invalid), you should treat it as regular characters.

We can see that it's the match problem. In my mind, we can still use stack, but we push tag into the stack, and pop when we meet the end tag. If the tag is valid, we continue, otherwise, we return false. If the stack is empty at the end, we return true, otherwise, we return false. And for the intermidiate string, we can use recursive to determine whether it's valid. 

Oh, I found that, the state machine is really a good idea, we can design different status for different string status. For example, we got a \<div\>, we assign a open status. We can design a status as below:
```
{
	plain: {
		'<![CDATA[': cdata, 
		'</': close
		'<': open
	}, 
	open: {
		'>': plain
	}, 
	close: {
		'>': plain
	}, 
	cdata: {
		']]>': plain
	}
}
```
state-restriction =

{
    open: ["only upper case"]
    close: ["only upper case"]
    cdata: NO restriction
    plain: ['if idx > 0, then stack must be non-empty'] # reason is all plain text must be wrapped by a tag
}

Other key checks

1. Use a stack to match close and open brackets
2. The tag length must be in [1,9]
3. After one pass, the stack must be empty and the state must be 'plain'

we can see that this solution still uses stack, and only push the tag into the stack, and pop when we meet the end tag. If the tag is valid, we continue, otherwise, we return false. If the stack is empty at the end, we return true, otherwise, we return false. Also, at the same time, when we transfer to status cdata, we can ignore everything. How brilliant idea to combine the stack and state machine together.