## 601. Human Traffic of Stadium

Table: Stadium

+---------------+---------+
| Column Name   | Type    |
+---------------+---------+
| id            | int     |
| visit_date    | date    |
| people        | int     |
+---------------+---------+

visit_date is the primary key for this table.
Each row of this table contains the visit date and visit id to the stadium with the number of people during the visit.
No two rows will have the same visit_date, and as the id increases, the dates increase as well.
 

Write an SQL query to display the records with three or more rows with consecutive id's, and the number of people is greater than or equal to 100 for each.

Return the result table ordered by visit_date in ascending order.

In my understanding, we first need to sort the tables by visit_date first. Then, we need to find the consecutive ids. We can do this by using a self-join. We can join the table with itself on the condition that the id of the first table is one less than the id of the second table. Then, we can join the table with itself again on the condition that the id of the first table is two less than the id of the second table. We can continue this process until we find the consecutive ids. Then, we can use the condition claus each of them shall >= 100.

After self join, we got the following table:

| aid | apeople | bid | bpeople | id | visit_date | people |
| --- | ------- | --- | ------- | -- | ---------- | ------ |
| 5   | 145     | 6   | 1455    | 7  | 2017-01-07 | 199    |
| 6   | 1455    | 7   | 199     | 8  | 2017-01-09 | 188    |

we can see the answer is listed in the same row. But problem ask us to return the result table ordered by visit_date in ascending order. So we need to select the final answer in this table again. So I use union to get all aid. 5,6,7,8. After that I use a in to get which columns in this uion column.