611. Valid Triangle Number

Given an integer array nums, return the number of triplets chosen from the array that can make triangles if we take them as side lengths of a triangle.

Example 1:

Input: nums = [2,2,3,4]
Output: 3
Explanation: Valid combinations are: 
2,3,4 (using the first 2)
2,3,4 (using the second 2)
2,2,3
Example 2:

Input: nums = [4,2,3,4]
Output: 4
 
Constraints:

1 <= nums.length <= 1000
0 <= nums[i] <= 1000 

Instead of using a for loop to check all possible combinations of x, y, and z, which would take O(n^3) time, we can use the fact that x + y > z to our advantage. This means that we only need to find pairs of numbers (x, y) that add up to a value greater than z. It means first we sorted the array, then we fixed x and y, we only need a binary search to find whose value is > x + y. In this case, the time complexity is O(n^2logn).

STD do this is to sort the array in descending order, and then use two pointers to traverse the array from both ends. We can fix the largest value in the array as the starting point, and then try to find two smaller values that add up to a value greater than the largest value.

To do this, we can start with two pointers, one at the beginning of the array and one at the end. We can then check if the sum of the values pointed to by the two pointers is greater than the largest value. If it is, then we have found a valid triplet (largest value, value pointed to by the left pointer, value pointed to by the right pointer), and we can return it as the answer.

If the sum of the values pointed to by the two pointers is less than or equal to the largest value, then we need to move one of the pointers to the right or left, depending on which direction will give us a larger sum. If moving the left pointer to the right will give us a larger sum, then we move it to the right. Otherwise, we move the right pointer to the left. We continue this process until we find a valid triplet, or until the pointers meet in the middle of the array.

This approach has a time complexity of O(n^2), which is much faster than the original approach of checking all possible combinations of x, y, and z.