## 638. Shopping Offers

In LeetCode Store, there are n items to sell. Each item has a price. However, there are some special offers, and a special offer consists of one or more different kinds of items with a sale price.

You are given an integer array price where price[i] is the price of the ith item, and an integer array needs where needs[i] is the number of pieces of the ith item you want to buy.

You are also given an array special where special[i] is of size n + 1 where special[i][j] is the number of pieces of the jth item in the ith offer and special[i][n] (i.e., the last integer in the array) is the price of the ith offer.

Return the lowest price you have to pay for exactly certain items as given, where you could make optimal use of the special offers. You are not allowed to buy more items than you want, even if that would lower the overall price. You could use any of the special offers as many times as you want.

Constraints:

* n == price.length == needs.length
* 1 <= n <= 6
* 0 <= price[i], needs[i] <= 10
* 1 <= special.length <= 100
* special[i].length == n + 1
* 0 <= special[i][j] <= 50

### Intuition
When seeing the function array which represent the price and nums. It definitely will be a dynamic programming problem, because we can it has a iteration property. Easyly to see. A knapsack problem. 
* First, we have special offer - quantity1,q2,q3.. and the total price for this offer, price for each item and needed.
* You are not allowed to buy more items than you want, even if that would lower the overall price. But I don't know how to build dp equation. Let me see the std solution.
* Because it's a DP problem, we definitely can write a iteration solution, but it's a little bit complex. So we can use recursion with memorizable variable to solve it.

### Approach
* step 1:each time first we calculate if we all use the original without special offer, what's the price.
* step 2: then we try to use each special offer, if we can use it, we will use it, and then we will dfs to next level with the new needs which the items we purchased has been deducted.
* step 3: we will compare the price we get from step 1 and step 2, and return the min one.


### Complexity
- Time complexity:
Because we need to iterate all possible combination of special offer, so the time complexity is $$O(2^n)$$

- Space complexity:
for the recursion, we need to store the needs, so the space complexity is $$O(n^n)$$ because each elements in dict is a list with n elements, it has 0 - n possibilities, therefore in total we may have $$n^n$$ possibilities.

### Code
```python
class Solution:
    def shoppingOffers(self, price: List[int], special: List[List[int]], needs: List[int]) -> int:
        d = {}
        def dfs(price, special, needs):
            if not needs:
                return 0
            # calculate the price without special offer
            res = sum([price[i] * needs[i] for i in range(len(needs))])
            # try to use each special offer
            for offer in special:
                # check if we can use this offer
                for i in range(len(needs)):
                    if needs[i] < offer[i]:
                        break
                else:
                    # use this offer
                    tmp = [needs[j] - offer[j] for j in range(len(needs))]
                    if tuple(tmp) not in d:
                        d[tuple(tmp)] = dfs(price, special, tmp)
                    res = min(res, offer[-1] + d[tuple(tmp)])
            return res
        return dfs(price, special, needs)
```
