## 84. Largest Rectangle in Histogram

We need to find the largest rectangle in a histogram. This problem really only seems like a above problem. maybe we can choose one pillar and extends to the left and right. Oh...oh, that's correct but TLE. I need to choose another efficient way.

I find that, in my extends method, we need to find the shorter one for the pillar which means we cannot extend. the first mini value for the current pillar.  we need to nlogn. I have an idea.

We can record a bucket array, each one recording the index value corresponding index in the histogram.
e.g., 2 1 5 6 2 3

Then our 2D array is
0->0

1->1

2->0->4
Then we can use O(n) time to do that.

Then we need to find a minimum value for each value. Then we need to find the farest which means the minium position for current value.

for 2 we need to find 1 the 1 position is 1.

Oh, that's seems incorrect. We need to find the least distance, first less value. not least less value.

We need to use a data structure which can find the closest less value.

we seems to use stack is a good choice like above problem. First decrease then increase. or increase directly.

But how can I use stack to finish the find the cloest mini value.

### STD solution
I read the std solution. I found that it push a 0 at the final. 

How can we use a stack to process the array. We can know that the answer if we face a decrease sequence we almost find an answer.
like 4 5 6 5, then we can know we need to process the <5 pillar before this 5. in 4 5 6 5, the 6 5 is decreasing, and there almost are existing an answer. so we need to find in the increase sequece 4 5 6, which one is the most cloest to 5 but > 5 is 5.
then we need to 5 6 5 this be an answer. 5*3 6*1. Then we need to keep processing, becase 4 5 6 5, 5>4, we can keep add value.

But,if we record the height of pillar,we cannot compute the distance. Thus, we record the index. 4,5,6,5; 0,1,2,3, when index 3 coming, 1,2 pop out, then it turns into 0,3. Then because in the first, we add a zero at then final, it must out, then we can know that, the answer 4 can be 0,3,4. (4-0-1)*4 = 12 is the final answer.
